To create a global configuration file containing default values, run the
command:

  cva-create gen_config

When this has completed, you will find a cva-create.json file in your home
directory.

If you have just upgraded cva-create to the latest version, then first run:

  cva-create upgrade_config

When this has completed, the global cva-create.json file in your home
directory will contain any new properties used by the latest version.
Existing property values in cva-create.json will not be touched.


To create a new project using this command, open a terminal window and navigate
to the folder where you want the project created and issue the following
command:

  cva-create app_dir app_id app_name [platform list]

The platform list is optional.  If you do not specify any platforms as
parameters, then cva-create will add the platforms listed in your local
configuration file.  If a local configuration file does not exist, or does
not contain a platform list, then the platforms listed in the global
configuration file will be added.

So, if Android and iOS are listed as default platforms in your global
configuration file, then to create a project called Thingamajig in a folder
called thing_1 you would use the following command:

  cva-create thing_1 com.mycorp.thingamajig Thingamajig

To create the same project, but add in the Firefox OS platform as well, you
would use the following command:

  cva-create thing_1 com.mycorp.thingamajig Thingamajig firefoxos

If, for some reason, some step of the build process fails, you can correct the
failure and then restart the build by issuing the command:

  cva-create restart

Now, the build process will restart at the first failed step.  Any step that
completed successfully will be skipped.

During a restart, if you have configured cva-create to run "cordova prepare",
then this command will always be repeated, even if it ran successfully during
the initial build.  This is because if the addition of a plug-in failed, then
the addition of that missing plug-in requires a rebuild.  Consequently, if it
is required, it is easiest to arbitrarily rerun this step.
 
